# Guessing Game
Design a two player guessing game. The game starts with the four digit seven segment display illuminated with “PL 1” indicating that player #1 should enter a number between 0x0000 and 0xFFFF. The number is entered using the push buttons and slider switches. After the number has been entered, player #1 should press the center momentary push button (C). The seven segment displays are used to indicate this by now displaying “PL 2”, indicating it is player #2’s turn. Player #2 repeatedly enters four digit numbers until they correctly guess the number entered by player #1. The procedure for entering the four digit number (D3 D 2 D 1 D 0 ) is as follows: Slider switches 0 through 3 are used to enter a hexadecimal digit (DO NOT use all 16 switches) , while the momentary push buttons are used to latch the value on the switches. The left push button (L) is used to latch D0 , the upper push button (U) is used to latch D1 . The lower push button (D) is used to latch D2 . The right push button (R) is used to latch D3 . When the entire number has been entered, the center push button (C) should be pressed. When an incorrect number is entered, the display should indicate if the guess was too high (“2 HI”) or too low (“2 LO”). When the correct guess is entered the LEDs should blink in celebration, and the number of guesses required should be displayed on the seven segment display. The number of guesses should be displayed as a decimal number (NOT hex).  
The seven segments should show the latched digits during the guessing procedure as well as DP segments to show the number of incorrect guesses  
(example # # # . # . Indicates the current guess value and that the guesser has 2 incorrect guesses). Initially all of the DP are off, after each incorrect guess, one of the DP lights up and remains on until the end of the game. If 4 incorrect guesses are made, the seven segments should show “LOSE” for 3 seconds, and the game should be reset. 
